When the wedding came around, they held a great ceremony that lasted a
few hours. Kamsa had attended the celebration and followed the crowds of people
that had gathered there.
Once the wedding celebration ended, Devaki and Vasudeva started to go
home in a chariot. Just before they left, Kamsa ordered the charioteer to step down
so he could drive them home himself. The charioteer stepped down and allowed
Kamsa to take his place. As they left, the clouds formed a circle and the sky turned
dark. God directed a message to Kamsa. It said, “Kamsa beware! Devaki’s 8th son
will kill you and relieve Earth from your burden.”
The sky cleared and everyone was silent, and took in the message sent by
God himself. Kamsa feared that this was true, and he tried to prevent that from
happening. He wasted no time and quickly ordered his guards to take Vasudeva
and Devaki to his dungeon. The guards had no choice but to listen, and they carried
out his orders.
During the years that Vasudeva and Devaki stayed in the dungeon, many
things happened. Vasudeva promised to bring each and every child to Kamsa after
its birth. When the first child was born, he kept his word and brought the child to
Kamsa right away. Kamsa said that since this is only Vasudeva’s first child and not
the eight as well that the baby was a girl, that she could live.
His advisors told him to kill all the children. When Kamsa asked why, they
gave him a detailed explanation. If he counted backwards, the first became the
eight. If he counted them in a circle, like a lotus flower, each time starting with a
different one, all of them could be the child destined to kill Kamsa. When Kamsa
heard this, he killed the seven children.
Devaki and Vasudeva prayed to Vishnu for help. Vishnu heard their calls for
help, and appeared before them. He said that the eighth child would kill Kamsa,
and that he had to take birth again. He then reincarnated himself and gave them the
baby. They named him Krishna and thanked
Vishnu.
Vishnu turned to Vasudeva and gave him
orders. He said to take Krishna into a town in
Gokula. He told him where the town was
located and how to get to it. Vishnu continued
and said that a newborn girl resided in that
village. Yashoda, the mother of the baby girl,
was asleep. Go there and switch Krishna and
the girl. Then bring the baby girl back here to
the dungeon. Vasudeva and Devaki again
thanked Vishnu and then he left.
Vasudeva’s chains magically came undone,
and he rose to carry out the orders he had been given by Vishnu. Vasudeva put
Krishna in a basket and covered him in a blanket. He did not know how a prisoner
could get out of prison without permission, but a blue light flashed through the
dungeon that left the gates open and guards asleep.
Vasudeva walked out of the dungeon with Krishna in his hands and made his
way to Gokula. On his way there, he came across a river. Rain was pouring down
and Vasudeva did not know how to get across. He started to walk but no rain came
on him, and the water parted at his feet so that only a trickle of water ran on his
feet. The celestial serpent of Vishnu is said to have done this so Vasudeva could
cross.
Vasudeva reached the shore and started walking toward the village. He came
to a house and entered. He saw the
newborn girl next to her mother,
Yashoda, who was asleep. He switched
the babies, and returned to the dungeon
with the baby girl.
Right after Vasudeva returned to
the dungeon with the girl, Kamsa entered,
