Introduction

Lord Krishna is the 8th incarnation of Vishnu and the God of peace and
love. Many people worship Krishna including my family. Since I was young, I
heard many stories of Krishna. I had always loved them and wanted to know more
about them.
Since I worshipped Krishna, I was interested in what he had done and how
Krishna had done them. Krishna had done lots of things like he fought off demons
in his childhood, killed Kamsa, a wicked ruler, accompanied the Pandavas in their
exile, and gave lessons to Arjuna, a Panadava before a war.
I wondered, how was Krishna able to overcome all the things thrown at him?
How did Krishna change the war at that time? What were the meanings behind all
of his stories? When Expert came around, I decided I would choose Lord Krishna
because I was already interested and wanted to know more.
Even though the teachings of Krishna are thousands of years old, Krishna’s
teachings about peace are still relevant to people in the 21st century. Krishna’s
teachings help people refrain from arguments and stay peaceful. Some of the
stories told about Krishna have his teachings in them and how they can be used.
The stories also show how Krishna always did the right thing, even in hard times.
.

Chapter One: Krishna’s Birth
Five thousand years ago, before Krishna was born, there was chaos on Earth.
Kamsa, the king of the Yadavas clan, was a wicked ruler who sent waves of terror
throughout the kingdom. The Yadava clan consisted of many different smaller
clans, and they all obeyed Kamsa’s orders out of fear. Kamsa would burn down
and destroy entire villages whenever he wished. People used to say that he was
reincarnated from an evil demon.
Mother Earth saw this and decided to go visit Vishnu and ask for help.
Vishnu was known as the preserver and
restored balance to the world. Mother
Earth took the form of a cow and went
to go visit Vishnu. She told Vishnu how
Kamsa was destroying Earth, and asked
for him to be born once again and
vanquish evil, as he had done before.
Vishnu happily agreed and Mother
Earth left.
Kamsa had a sister named
Devaki. She was unaware of Kamsa’s
actions, though their father knew what
Kamsa was doing. Devaki was not evil
as Kamsa was, and in fact, she was kind and generous. She was soon to marry
Vasudeva, who was a kind man as well.
